Hollywood, California, Meltdown Comics, the NerdMelt Theater.
Harmontown is now in session.
Spencer Crittenden.
Spencer gambling across the stage.
And the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Well, thank you. Thank you.
Oh, thank you.
Yeah, blips and chips. That's my shirt.
Dan, do you know that tomorrow would be our fourth anniversary of the first Harmontown?
Yeah, it's the fourth anniversary, Dan.
How do we keep it so fresh after all these years?
Yeah, no. I have no idea. I don't know.
That's going to be a bad show. I've been having a very relaxing weekend.
And you know how it gets, you know, your energy flags a little bit.
You start playing your cookies and like that fucking Transformers game you're playing.
Transformers Earth Wars.
It's Clash of Clans with Transformers.
Jeff's playing it.
You don't have to play it, Dan.
Are you also playing Clash of Clans or are you...
I think I'm starting to trail off on the Clash of Clans
because now I get to be an Optimus Prime or a Bumblebee.
I wanted to tell you guys, all I can really share with you
is the result of good seven hours of forensic file viewing today.
I can tell you that pubic hairs travel or migrate.
I wrote that down. That was so funny.
From room to room.
I noticed like they reused...
Wait, by their own volition?
Do they have to hitch a ride on time?
That's why I think they use the phrase travel or migrate
because they said either travel or migrate the first time by itself
and then they're like, people are going to think they're like alive like worms.
But I saw the episode where they really walked you through
finding out that pubic hairs travel or migrate to different rooms.
Wait, tell me more about pubic hair migration.
Tell me more about your weird friend.
You saw him too?
A fellow. What is your name, good sir?
Luke.
Thank you, brother.
He just spirited me up a little airport bottle of Frenet Bronca
to which I say, hooray and hurrah.
Which I will now drink on podcast form.
So, there was a case where there are these dead children.
Don't mention dead children around, Jeff.
There were these dead children and they wanted to know who killed them
and there were pubic hairs of course everywhere
and the pubic hairs matched this guy who lived with the family.
I'm not laughing at the death of the children.
I'm just laughing at the volume of forensic files that just desensitizes you
and that's what you're in the market for is desensitization.
You keep making these jokes about people's haircuts and stuff and they're crying.
And there's just pubic hairs everywhere and they were like,
well, fuck, well, the guy lived with them.
They were like, dude, we found your pubic hairs in the kid's room
and the guy's like, so fucking, I lived there.
Pubic hairs get around.
He's got to be right, right?
And that's the guy.
This forensics guy is like, he's doing his interview
and he goes, so, we had to come up with a new science.
So I went home and I vacuumed my whole house really well
and I tell you, the house has never been cleaner.
And he stopped and I was like, that guy's one moment of joy
for that whole year.
But he vacuumed his whole house and then he vacuumed it regular times
and counted the pubic hairs.
Like, he had to figure out how, can you imagine being that guy's daughter?
What are you doing, dad?
He's like, you know, the guy is like in the middle of a science
that needs to be like, it's got peer review and stuff.
So he's like at home and he's like, this could help bring a murderer to justice.
And it's like, I need to make sure that I don't while eating breakfast
or watching television or anything.
I never engage in any activities that go beyond the average amount of pubic hair affectation.
I don't want to have a crazy like dance party
and take off my pants and shake my pelvis around
because what if they find that out and then they're like,
because he had to find out how far does the average pubic hair go, you know?
And it turns out pubic hairs travel or migrate
primarily on sock surfaces.
Yeah, you step on a pubic hair, you're smuggling pubes at that point.
But more than hairs off your head or hairs off your arm?
No, no, no, not more than hairs off your head, no.
Just enough that there's some pubic hairs.
If you have a kid, some of your pubic hairs are in your kid's bedroom,
but not so many and then they started getting into the minutia of like,
yeah, but these were fresh, moist pubic hairs.
But those stick to socks more than any other kind.
And then the forensic guy was talking about other pubic hairs
he was finding in his kid's bedroom.
Were dry and had been bitten by a mite larvae, you know?
But the world this guy lives in, the world his children live in.
But this pubic hair was holding a picture of today's New York Times.
Was he acquitted? This guy could offer to you.
So the guy that works for the forensic side,
I think he went to jail after the whole thing was over.
His kids like filed charges.
I was trying to save a life. No, everyone's dead.
You're just trying to be the best pubic hair detector.
And you need to stop. It's like a beautiful mind, I think.
That's hard work being the world's best pubic hair detective.
Anyways.
Oh, and I was also thinking because, okay, so while he was talking about the pubic hair migration,
you saw this black and white footage of people, their heads were out of frame,
but you just saw it like it was like a lockdown camera shot
and then just like different family members,
like different aged people putting on socks and taking them off
and like walking around and like just walking through frame.
And then there was another case that it was pubic hair reliant.
And so they used that footage again.
And Cody and I were like, oh my God, it's the pubic hair migration footage.
And then also that required vacuuming.
And it was like, oh, that's the same vacuum cleaner.
Oh, they're cutting up and looking through the layers of the vacuum bag.
So I was thinking like they must be so stoked at forensic files when a new murder happens
and it uses all the elements of their stock footage.
Their budget's cut in half.
Like someone got strangled with pubic hair by a vacuum cleaner salesman.
But then you get a guy that's like a producer that was about to get fired
and he starts committing pubic hair murders.
Yeah, just to get to drive the budget down.
It's like firemen starting fires.
Yeah, the forensics files budget is too high.
I don't know about, well, yeah, it doesn't make any sense.
He starts committing non-pubic hair murders.
That's what it is.
The network says like, look, your show's on autopilot, man.
Budgetarily, you've got it all knocked out.
I can do it.
You take the pubic hair footage.
You take the bloody knife.
You take the lady coming home from shopping.
And you put this thing together, you say, murder.
And then you get an episode.
And then the producer was like, fuck, there goes my kid's pool.
And then he like...
He was building his kid his own pool.
So he removes all of his pubic hair and becomes the alopecia strangler.
And then there's an episode about it.
And he's like, yeah, it's like a cool movie about that guy's double life.
And you're on his side because it's like a black comedy,
like a dark anti kind of thing.
How do you catch the alopecia strangler?
What's that forensic files like?
Well, he slips up.
You know, I don't know.
He gets caught by his own people.
Nobody on those shows, by the way, they never get caught by the cops.
It's always...
A phone call.
A tip.
The drinking game with forensic files.
The big one is like, and then police received a call that they've been waiting for.
Then police received a tip.
He changed everything.
A guy just told me he is the alopecia strangler.
It's always like a guy in prison that's like, hey, this guy I've been in prison with
murdered like 90 people before you caught him jaywalking.
And then they let the three people they put in prison for the crime go at the end.
And they're all gold and gray and they fall down as they're leaving the prison from the
weight of the $8 they got from the state.
Dan, if you ever...
There was like a crazy one where I was like, I kept rewinding it because I was like, wait,
are they trying to...
This episode of forensic files is trying to get away with murder because there was a woman
in it who went to police and said, I think I know...
I work at a massage parlor and a lot of these guys get pretty chatty.
And I think this guy is saying some weird shit.
I'd wear a wire for you if you wanted.
And they were like, no, that's too dangerous.
And then she called them later and was like, yeah, that guy just confessed I should have
been wearing a wire.
And they're like, okay, now record them and get them to do it again.
And she tried and it didn't work.
And then the guy came and stabbed her after work.
And I was like, oh, so rewind it to when she was...
That's why they made that big, weird deal about how she came to them.
It was like, we told her it was too dangerous.
Like, no, you didn't.
You fucking jumped on it and made her some amateur sleuth or whatever, man.
And I was like, come on, man, forensic files, not forensic files, the police involved.
Forensic files, I'm sure they killed people too.
You know if it made the difference between them getting to do more forensic files and
getting canceled that they'd kill somebody.
If that show tells you one thing, man, it's inside all of us.
You released the beast.
We watched the Purge movies this weekend.
All two of the ones available at home.
Purge 2, definitely better than Purge 1.
That's a lot like, you know, turds with peanuts in them are better than regular turds.
But the Purge, just because I don't know what you're measuring by peanuts, it's gross.
It's a gross image.
You don't want to think about it, but technically speaking...
Spencer, if you had to choose between turds or turds with peanuts, what are you taking?
Are people swallowing these peanuts whole?
How does that work?
You got to chew those peanuts.
Yeah.
How would you tell the difference between any other thing that was in your poop?
They would taste like peanuts.
You wouldn't say it's like...
Is this one of those things?
It's like corn, corn in the cellulose.
Corn is different than peanuts, man.
That's what I'm saying.
Whatever.
I didn't get a lot of sleep.
Let me tell you what happened when I was trying to go to sleep last night.
Great.
I was going to go to sleep.
I'm laying down, laying down in my bed.
I'm relaxing.
I got a fart.
And I fart.
And I just shit all over the place.
Just so much shit.
I'm lightheaded.
And I'm getting dizzy from all this shit.
And I can't move.
And I'm just paralyzed.
You shit so much.
You depleted your blood flow to your brain.
Yeah.
It was terrifying.
And then I woke up.
And it was sleep paralysis.
And I was completely dry.
But it was really terrifying because I thought I was literally shitting my brains out.
And then I couldn't get back to sleep for like hours.
But you had not shit yourself.
No.
I didn't even have to shit.
It was part of the confusion and the fear.
As soon as you were able to move, you started for the bathroom and you were like,
wait, wait, it's all good.
I guess I'll lay down and what I was convinced was my shit.
Yeah.
I really had to convince myself it wasn't shit.
And it was not ideal from that point onward.
Didn't get a lot of sleep.
I had another dream where I was like walking through dog shit too.
I don't know.
It was fine.
What do you think all that shit related dreams signifies?
It's really weird.
I've never had that before.
It was a really weird situation in my life.
Does anybody here know like dream analysis?
It's a bullshit.
Well, there you go.
I ate a whole pizza.
My body might have just been working that out.
Large, medium, small?
What size pizza?
It was a large Hawaiian pizza.
A whole large Hawaiian?
Yeah.
Okay.
That's heroic.
Yeah.
You deserve to dream about shitting yourself to death.
That's the thing.
My body was just terrified.
I ate something that really had me going in the fart department, which I refused to call
the department because I don't want to get too used to this stuff.
I was like, really, I went to Cliff's Edge over, it doesn't matter where I went.
It's a nice restaurant.
They got a back patio.
I haven't really seen Cody all week.
For a long time, they got a holiday weekend together.
Went out in a back patio at one of LA's fine summer breeze restaurants and had some silly
food for artsy farts.
Something in one of them, I don't know if I'm lactose intolerant and there was like
a milk fish or something.
I was farting so much.
With Cody, I went through a whole, with McGathey, we decided at the outset, let's not fart
in front of each other.
I've been doing that for a couple of girlfriends.
A zero fart policy.
I got the idea from Sarah Silverman, her relationship with Jimmy Kimmel, which she was in when I was
working with her, she said at one point, I don't fart in front of Jimmy and vice versa.
We don't do that.
I was like, really, what?
Don't you think that's dishonest and unnatural?
She's like, is it dishonest to not fart all over the person you say you love?
What are you telling them with that expression?
They're like your hillbilly brother or you're shocked if the sex goes away or whatever.
I was like, okay, that's a totally different perspective and I've never even entertained
it.
Then I looked back at previous relationships and I was like, God, yeah, man, you really
get programmed by your kind of family's class system or their aesthetic.
There's a lot of stuff you don't even second guess.
I would always celebrate becoming intimate with a woman by really starting to fart a
lot.
So I started tapering it off and thinking, yeah, why don't you just go in the other room
if you had a fart so bad?
What's so funny about poopy farts?
Stop it.
So you and Cody are-
But Cody kind of was swinging back the other way because she was like, but it's like a
pendulum.
With McGathey, and I don't think it wasn't like McGathey's demand, she just liked the
idea too.
I think we just really never farted in front of each other.
Cody, I'm letting him rip a little bit.
A little bit.
Like I'm pushing the envelope.
You're trying to blow her mind?
Well, it's like I'll do it.
Name a key.
F sharp.
Merep.
I feel like splitting the differences like you do one and then you go like, uh-oh.
I was like, what was that?
I think a mouse was moving a dresser.
Back to the 50s kind of.
I think it's duck season.
Have you done this long enough for the experiment to prove itself that affects sex life?
So far, still, I'm still creepy.
Yeah, no, it hasn't really, I don't think it's changing anything.
But I'm going by laughter.
Like if it's not going to make her laugh, then I'm not going to, I think that's a thing.
It's not about whether or not they don't throw anything at you.
It should be if they stop laughing, then maybe wait until it's funny again.
So I, like, a couple nights ago, I was like, I'm always more awake than her.
And so then I'll like, I do one, and she'll go like, that sounded so sharp.
I'll talk about it for a little bit, yeah, it was really sharp.
And then like 10 minutes later, I'll do another one and it's like, I was like, did you hear
that?
Yeah.
All right, so then you pull back.
Then the next one, you go in the basement.
But is there a blue sky fart where you fart and it completely makes everything amazing?
Well, I did one today that I swear, yeah, I mean, you've had, like today I did one and
she was just sound asleep.
Like I was like, I'm just doing it.
It was like, I was sitting up in bed playing some iPad game and it was like building and
like, and then I kind of laid down for a bit and was like snuggling and, and then I was
just like, I'm just going to, I'm just going to see what's, what's going on here.
And I swear, this is my actual estimate of the length, like, and this, maybe it won't
sound identical, but this is my actual not exaggerating estimate of the length of the
duration.
Whoa.
What?
No.
And then I just kind of like hung there, like in silence, like, Dan, Dan, will you marry
me?
That's amazing.
I went out and I touched her on the shoulder because I wanted to know, and she was like,
oh, well, and I, and I was like, I love you, I love you too, like, so she didn't hear it.
Stockholm syndrome.
That's an amazing fart.
There was a guy on forensic files who pronounced the word personality, um, personnatally.
The people on there are so crazy with their crazy hair, there should be a, there should
be a, uh, and it's also fun to watch classic forensic files because like today we saw one
where they fucking, they took 25 minutes because they were so scared we wouldn't know what
GPS was.
They're like, but, but police didn't have to follow Andrew Kressinger.
They didn't have to commercial break.
They were like, what, what, and then it comes back and the whole act was, was like, high
above the earth, 30 miles in outer space, and it was like, like, they went, there was
like, there were eight satellites.
I mean, I learned how GPS works.
I didn't, I didn't need to, but they didn't know we knew what it was.
They called it the global positioning system or GPS and they took the, the first letters
of each word and animated them going up into the word GPS.
This was a first time thing for them.
They, they were explaining how they were using it to catch a killer.
That sounds like slow news day for them again.
By the way, if you ever kill a little girl, um, and the cops say to you, and we're not
saying you should, we're not saying you should, but here's something to, here's a pitfall.
Here's, here's, here's, here's a way the police are going to abuse their power.
Okay.
Here's three nevers.
I'm killing a little girl.
If they come to you and they say like they, they go like, look, congratulations.
We know you killed that little girl, uh, and you got away with it for now, but you know
that grave's too shallow.
You know animals are going to dig it up and then it's just a matter of time.
Don't go drive to the shallow grave, dig it up, take the body, put it in your trunk,
rub the fibers around, drive it to another place to dig a big, deep grave and cover
it up, put a flower on it and then come back home and measure twice, cut once, you know.
There's a good chance the cops aren't busting out the, that shallow grave's going to give
your, your kid's body to the dingos soon.
Like they're not, they're not leaning on that until they're desperate.
So you know, take three years and go change that body.
I think, I think part of the fun of killing children is like right, righting that wave
of how, how shallow should I make this grave?
Just for the fucking action.
It's true.
Just for the fucking adrenaline.
Yeah.
Like six feet, no.
How about three and a half?
And you know, you're thinking like, oh, Jeff, that's crazy.
Why would you kill a kid just for the thrill?
And we're not, again, we're not saying kill kids, uh, what we're saying is if you do,
you're not doing it to become senator.
You're not doing it to make money.
You're doing it.
I mean, so if you're going to do it.
Like I say, do it, do it, do it, ride the edge, ride that edge.
Right, right.
Barry, that kid's six inches underneath some boots.
It's point break.
Fear causes hesitation, hesitation causes your worst fears to come true.
I'm saying Barry a kid, just three inches.
And hey, while we're at it, same topic kind of related.
If you're running for president and you're a fascist, like, uh, let go ahead, use the,
use the original artwork from the meme, like with the, uh, anti-Semitic, uh, star of David
on the thing.
Did he see the thing?
I missed the whole thing, but there was a thing.
There was a Trump did another meme, like the last one he, remember, he just finds him
and then he, he's like, indisputably like, he has no help with his Twitter account.
He has no staff.
I have to say, I think he does.
I think this is all, it can't be that's unpremeditated.
Well, there's a scary thing because there were, you know, you read sometimes articles
about his strategy, about how he tests stuff, he uses the internet to test stuff.
So if that were true, what if there were multiple tiers to his testing?
So like, what if he did have people like posting crazy, like anti-Semitic, like racist shit
into like super right of right wing, like message boards, seeing how it played with the
hustler magazine crowd, then like, like flip, pumping a little air into it and bumping it
up, subreddit by subreddit, and then all of a sudden he throws it out there and everyone's
like, these statistics are all wrong about black people in crime and he's like, oh, sorry
about that.
Like, I know this won't blow up in my face because it's been like built up on like layers
of sediment.
I don't know.
But whatever the case is, he tweeted a meme, he tweeted a meme.
It was like, historic Hillary and whatever, she's made history and then there was a, and
then it was her head cut out, not cut off, cut out, like, and it was like over just a
big pile of money, it was just money in the background.
And then there was a big red star of David, no matter how you slice it, just a big red
star of David, and inside the star of David it said, you know, most corrupt ever, most
corrupt candidate ever.
Something like that.
It was like the 20% more beef kind of like starburst thing.
The star was a star of David and then people were like, what the fuck, like, holy shit.
And then they deleted that and like switched it and it was a red circle, and then everyone
was like, you can still see two of the six points from the star underneath the peeking
out from under the red circle.
I don't know, I just, I mean, just as I overheard a lady say in a candle store once, amaze
balls, amaze balls, amaze balls.
I guess she's only seen it in print, the word amaze balls.
She thought it was Italian.
She had what you'd call personality.
So yeah, with those two things leaked, so if you're going to kill a little girl, bury
her shallow, if you're going to run for president and be a Nazi, to have Hitler's speeches
next to your bed, and fucking start tweeting those anti-Semitic tweets, there's no other
reason to become president as a fascist, other one to see if we can get this started again.
News ready, let's get the way back machine going, 1932.
That's when we start making money, by the way.
Who does?
America during fucking big ass wars, because we've gotten so good at manufacturing.
No, but that presumes that we're like the non-interventionist country that scores after
the war has already run its course.
You know, isolationist America during World War II, fucking cha-ching.
Yeah, but we're not isolationists anymore at all.
We're going to be, we're building a wall.
We're currently at war with the rest of the universe right now.
That's another way of saying isolationism, fighting a war on all fronts.
No, rethink that sentence.
Why am I on trial?
There's a Nazi running for president, focus on him.
He's not a Nazi, he's not Hitler, he's Mussolini, he's a blowhard asshole.
Another regular segment on this show is Jeff's surprisingly pro-Hitler thoughts.
I'm not pro-Hitler, I'm saying look, he has some good ideas, hear him out, listen to him.
Yeah, as Proops points out on one of his podcasts, Smartest Man in the World, it's like Hitler
had a plan.
He wasn't just fucking winging it, Mussolini was more of a kind of a winging it and it's
appealing to the lowest common denominator.
Let's not praise Hitler just because Trump hasn't been elected yet.
I'm not sure Trump can fucking come up with a plan, it's hopefully in a post-Hitler world
we're getting a little bit in the way, like there's more people going and there's more
internet.
We're going like, are you about to be a Hitler and he's like, no, I'm huge.
Saying that Trump is a low-level Hitler is not praising Hitler, it's not.
I'm saying, well, who cares, who's praising Hitler or praising Trump or whatever.
The important thing is that fascist dictators, they are, it's like when you put your bread
out on a counter, like is the mold that grows on it a genius because it found the bread?
It's like opportunity breeds fascism.
When countries are laid low and when the economy is fucked, when cultures start to shift so
fast that there's a huge section of the population that's kind of getting disoriented and starting
to worry, they revert to this instinct for authoritarianism.
Even in history class, economic depression, recession, all these things, it's a potting
soil for dictators, in particular fascists who want to nationalize everything.
They pick a scapegoat and they go, what about these guys, how come they're making so much
money or they're coming in and they're eating all our food stamps or whatever.
You pick somebody and you go like, what if we all just like-
But think about people eating food stamps, it's like just because we're called food stamps,
doesn't mean they're actual food.
No, it's just another reason to build a wall even higher, man.
The important thing to know is that when we have these conversations, you got to hand
it to them or it's working because of us.
We need to really make sure that we don't blow this story off after he loses the election
and there's crazy race gangs running out in the streets going, I don't know, I got all
amped up about this, I guess I don't care about politics no more, I'm still unemployed.
We need to understand, it's us, the orange guy with the hair, Spencer points out he's
been running for president for 38 years, in one form or another he's always been saying
someone pay attention to me and then that birther thing started happening, it's an opportunistic
infection.
It's like a gaping wound on your arm as a country, as we all are worldwide, like the
economy is like, we're in vulnerable places and so it's happening, this sentiment, it's
like, oh, I don't want these people with the towels and these things with the browns and
then they're taking the jarbs and then they're thinking, the tax is in the things and why
can't we have more guns and they want to wall around the thing and they put the wall and
they can do it and they're like, I can't do this.
It's starting, it's like those rumbles of like, it's going to turn into, it could turn
into ugliness, could turn into ugliness, but what was it, wait, wait, wait, oh, here's
the thing, this is the thing that terrified me when I was putting on my pants today.
My dick is huge!
I was thinking, and this is going to sound like a bit, but it's like, as far as the ratio
between how much like a bit it sounds and how actually scary I think it is, it's like,
I've never said anything with this high a ratio.
I'm not even sure how to phrase the question.
What percentage of Hitler being able to come into power, what percentage of it do you think
might have been your average like, like kind of on the bubble, like constantly putting
his foot in his mouth, straight, white like Jim Belushi, Dan Harmon kind of like, like,
like, like, like, like, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, I was always offended, like, because
I was just thinking, I just found myself thinking while I was putting on my pants, I just like,
heard something else that Trump said, or I was thinking about that start, David's thinking,
I was like, the thought went through my head of like,
well, it's good to know I'm not as racist as somebody.
You know, it's good to know I'm not the biggest
fucking doofus in the world.
And I was like, I'm back, in the 90s,
being feminist, for instance, was as easy
as expecting more from women.
It changed over the years.
It was like, you're like, you go, girl.
That was like a fucking, you were like, yeah, you can do it.
It was like, things change, and then you get like,
so I wonder how many people are like,
with the Trump phenomenon, I wonder if that was something
that could happen in Germany, like, back in those days
where people were like, oh, finally, somebody
that makes me sound like I like Jews.
Like, finally, my daughter will stop
rolling her eyes at everything I say at the dinner table.
You know, like, and I was like, I had this shutter.
I was like, wait, is that the fucking tyranny?
Is that what it is?
Is that what, is that the wildfire that catches fire
and burns up King's Landing?
Like, is that the, it's the actual, just like,
it's the oxygen, it's the styrofoam peanuts,
it's the shit that coats the film in Glorious Basterds,
it's the actual accelerant, isn't like the fucking like,
hard, it takes work to be a fucking redneck stump hump
and fucking like, active like, racist,
or you're like, I'm gonna hit you with a stick,
you see your color, like, geez, that guy is committed.
The like, like, like, what about the fucking mob
around that person that's like, I know that's bad
and I wanna be liked, I know that's bad
and I don't wanna be a bad person, I don't know.
Like, like, like, what is the phenomenon that might,
you know, like, we have to be on guard against that
because like, I just like, feel that in my soul,
like, there's these things eating away at the edges
where I'm like, why am I trying so hard?
Why, why do I try?
Why, well, they're like, like, like, like, you know,
and it's like, there's important answers
to those questions we all have to ask.
So when you put on your pants next time,
please join me at these heights of thought.
Just asking the specific questions,
I wanna recap the question.
How many people in pre-Nazi Germany do you think
were a little bit like, that became Hitler supporters,
were anti-Hitler in their conversation,
but then in some weird, Poloric Valve part of them
were like, they were like, oh, that guy's a goofball,
he'll take all the pressure off me.
You know, like.
At that time, there was a lot of parties vying for power
and the Weimar Republic was falling to pieces
and there was always provisions.
There was so many parties vying for power
that they had to call it the Weimar Republic.
Cause they were like, vying is like, all right,
keep going, I'm sorry.
Schrab hasn't been here and they're like,
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
But there was a bunch of asshole, meathead, bully thugs
that were running around with brown shirts on
and kicking everybody's ass and blaming the economy,
cause the economy was fucked.
There was this giant depression going on
and they're blaming it all on foreigners,
which is what you see going on in all of Europe,
also here, and then at some point,
I think like, when this certain really radical party
starts saying like, we'll kick your ass
if you don't agree with us that Jews are the problem
and all this shit and like really extreme stuff.
I think a lot of people are like, look,
I would just like the economy to get back on track
and we'll start following anybody that really has answers
to getting the economy going, which is all baloney.
It's all complete bullshit.
It's not as simple as immigration or leaving the EU.
It's like, it's crazy talk.
But I think that people want simple answers
when the economy is fucked and they're working class people
and they will listen to Lunatic billionaires
who say like, I'm on your side.
They're not fucking on your side.
They have nothing to do with you.
They don't even know who you are.
Also, everything they're saying,
it makes no sense at all.
The answer is, will average people start becoming okay
with radical ideas?
Yes, absolutely they do.
And what's happening all over the world right now
in major democracies, including ours,
and all over like France and England,
like fascism, right wing extremism, racism is on the rise.
And it's gaining footholds.
And that's the places that are collapsing first.
The banks are closing,
well then there's a swastika like five feet from there,
you know, like in Greece and stuff.
Like the national socialism is, yeah.
The average person in Germany didn't hate Jews,
but the average person was okay with like,
kind of going along with the flow.
And also like, Germany is a huge country,
full of different neighbors that believed
in different things, followed different parties.
Also at some point, fear comes into it.
The idea that speaking up for what you believe
actually becomes illegal.
And that's the scary thing is that right now,
we're still like, we can still talk shit about Trump
and talk shit about what like the direction things are going
and it can still be comedy.
That might go away before too long.
Like that's the real danger is that it's actually illegal.
Certainly if you're out in the fringe
and you're for instance, I don't know if that lady
who was painting Trump with a little dick or whatever
and some guy runs up and smacks him in the face.
Yeah, I mean, it's like, yeah, it was like,
so what's the takeaway?
I think it's that in the coming years,
I don't think that Trump is going to get elected,
but I think-
I don't think that you should be that comfortable saying that.
I think it's very, very likely.
Jesus Christ.
Well, okay, put a pin in that.
People hate Hillary so much for whatever their reasons
are right or wrong.
People despise her and will vote against somebody
for whatever they believe about her.
And they will also vote for this incredible quack.
They will vote for him.
Well, I think the easy thing to say though
is disregard what you think the results of the election
might be because in either case,
like what's clear from this process,
like this fat orange manic bullet that shot
or like squirted out of a volcano,
like it represents magma underneath
and it's not, well, this is where my lack
of a geology degree will probably break this metaphor down,
but it doesn't mean, oh, look at that really scary volcano
that we have to deal with.
Oh, it seems to have gone dormant.
Like that's why I keep,
that's why I really want people to understand,
like it starts with hero worship in politics.
It starts with this idea that we're waiting for somebody
to lead us or say the right things
or the president's office is so important and valuable
and it changes so much
and that's why we need the right person at office.
And that really noble thought ends somewhere
with like somehow you're making a pact with the devil
where you're like, well, I'm not worth anything
and I can't do anything and all this stuff.
And then we're in this really dangerous time
where we finally, for the first time,
we've gotten this voice,
like this first generation to be raised
in front of a keyboard with a blinking cursor in front of it.
They've mastered the hashtag
and the linguistic acrobatics that represent
like not getting all fucking bent out of shape
when a girl says she just wants to be friends.
Like they're advancing the species like by leaps and bounds
because they're able to interface with machines
and psychologically keep a lid on shit.
However, like the scary thing about that
is that now we're all just like,
we're like talking and we're talking and we're talking
about what's right and what's wrong.
And I hope we don't tailspin until like,
oh man, did you see that racist TV show last night?
Yeah, that was so racist.
Did you hashtag it?
Yeah, I did.
Well, this shit continues to happen,
but it's like push may come to shove at a certain point.
And it may not be the people that are saying
the most eloquent, most progressive sounding things,
that are the people who, at the bottom line of it all,
are just people who want the power
to leave the hands of the few
and go into the hands of the many,
who you may have to fight fucking fascism with anarchy.
I don't know what else you fight it with.
I put water on a fire myself.
Like, and the fact that anarchy to us means explosions
and chaos is part of a 70 year indoctrination
that started with like,
let's make that word mean terrorism, it doesn't.
It means no hierarchy.
It means nobody has a right to tell you what to do.
So like, you know, we may have to,
it's always scary the spattering of applause
because it means that like,
what I hear is the silence between each.
I was like, oh, Harmon like said something
really specific last night.
I got that weird Chinese checkers applause.
I was like, guys with bowler hats going,
heard you loud and clear, blokey matey,
milky milky welly well.
Like our low level anarchism,
the idea that we hate being told what to do,
that the absence of rule doesn't mean chaos.
It shouldn't mean that.
No, anarchy doesn't mean,
no, it does not mean like stirring shit up.
It doesn't have to.
Anarchy means you don't think you have a right
to tell other people what to do.
You don't really respect the right to tell you what to do.
You don't really see that as a,
you may see that as a way to put out a fire
or get health insurance or get shit done.
You know, like keep people from getting hurt
in a crowd situation.
But it's not an inherent need.
You don't believe that people are these animals
that left to their own devices
are gonna like start running around
and doing fucked up shit unless there's an elite class
that pays themselves to do nothing
but think about how we should be mitigated.
It's, you just think that shit works the way it works.
And the idea that right now, like,
whether you like Hillary or you hate Trump
or like Trump or hate, whatever the fuck you think,
or if you're a Bernie supporter
and you're all disappointed about that,
the idea that one human being is going to come along
and make everything okay is crazy.
It's really adolescent and really dumb.
The idea that we need leadership
from one person holding one office
that used to be a shit fucking gig,
a low paid crap clerical gig
in our constitutional government.
It's really crazy, but right now,
wouldn't we be really happy if anybody came along
that could put a thoughtful sentence together
and not irritate us?
That's the danger of what's going on right now
with this, it's gonna be Hillary and Trump.
And we're gonna just go like,
oh, I just wish somebody could talk
and I would like to hear them finish the goddamn thought.
And that's horrifying.
We shouldn't care about one person's fucking ideas.
There should be a gigantic consortium of people
getting together.
Community should fucking operate together.
Family should operate together.
But we have the tools to do it right now
and this is a generation that's actively,
like they're figuring out how to do that stuff.
And I think that the next step,
maybe it's not even thinking of waiting
for some profit to arise and like switch things.
It's like, it actually is just like,
oh shit, we got these apps.
We got this internet, we got it going.
We can think and act locally
and we can give unto Caesar what is Caesar's.
Like because like, like just,
instead of just letting the,
we just came off this thing.
I think all we're doing right now
is voting for the next best Caesar.
Like everybody is like.
I know, but we don't, we could,
there are some people in this audience
that watch The Voice and American Idol,
but they also watched Community.
You know, like they can.
That's not true.
It means that you can say,
like when I'm interested in who's gonna
be the best singer in this season
of the best singer show,
I don't necessarily have to let that thought process
trickle down into how I pass the salt
to my friend over dinner.
I don't have to, when they go,
could you pass me the salt?
I go, I don't know.
How good are you at asking for passing the salt?
Let's, you know, those glasses
like don't look good on you.
I think that smart look is stupid.
Why don't you take them off and ask for the salt?
All right, now, now give me a high C.
I'd like the salt there.
Now that's what I'm talking about.
Now you've earned my salt
because I watch American Idol.
Like, no, you can watch American Idol
and you can go, that's for that.
You can elect a president and go,
that's a person that if a Supreme Court justice dies,
they have the power to like, no, you know,
like there are certain things that like are important
that we're voting for these people for,
but it doesn't have to anything to do with like,
whether your street has potholes on it
and all that shit.
Me, I'm old and I'm busy.
So good luck.
But, but I do think, I mean, yeah, I mean,
it's like, like what if we did enter an age
when we were just voting for the least offensive person?
What if that was their job?
You know, and they didn't, you know,
and then like, what if you built like from the ground up?
Like you built like the sort of like,
there was a word for it and there was a phrase for it.
And it was anarchy because it didn't have leadership
because it didn't need it
because it did take advantage of technology
faster than these people at the top could.
And so that they found themselves
in the most powerful position of the world,
but it was in charge of a fucking slab of marble
that couldn't be cracked, couldn't be lifted
and couldn't be moved.
And they're like, I'm on top of it,
kind of lonely up here.
And Wendy, I get to jump off in four years
or stay on for another four.
And the people that don't fuck up get to stay up there.
And we're down here going like, we figured it out.
We are, it has to do with on a molecular level going like,
I think our biggest challenge right now is
we've been so stoked about how much cleaning needs
to be done around the apartment
that you ever get on one of those tantrums
where you're like, you're like, fuck off this shit,
fuck it, shit, you're just throwing away like,
Bibles and like, new pens and money.
Like I'm gonna take like fistful of pennies
and you're like, fucking pennies,
you're going to have fucking pennies.
Like when you're like cleaning your office or whatever
and you're like, fucking like,
it just brings like this rage out in you
that is like against clutter.
And you're like, I want to simplify my life.
I think that's, we've hit the peak of that
with the whole woke kind of thing.
Like where we're calling out racism,
we're calling out negative thought,
we're exposing like, we're like,
what the fuck has this person ever done for me?
Ah, another person that turns out to hate women.
No big surprise.
And it's like, and everything has to go
in the garbage right now
because we're like cleaning out our space.
But like, we are gonna have to get to a point
where if that space is gonna be of any use,
we're gonna have to be like,
well, not everything that goes in this room
needs to be the Mona Lisa because this isn't a museum.
This is an office or a living room or a parlor.
You know, like my friend has some regressive thoughts
about women.
He hasn't scratched that off on his bingo card yet.
He's really, really like super amazing about race.
He really hates women.
Like I'm not gonna like,
like just record him over lunch
and then post it on Facebook and expose him as a thing.
Like I'm going to,
I'm gonna like actually like work with him
and like, you know, like kind of polish him
like a stone, like like with my water, you know?
I'm gonna, and strangers that I find out are regressive.
I'm ignorant because they haven't talked to
as many people that look like me yet.
I'm going to, I'm gonna do something really difficult
which is like, I'm just gonna like have to be this billboard
for people that this person has never talked to
and I'm gonna make every experience a positive one
or like, I don't know what the fucking definition is,
but it's like harder than,
it's way, way harder than finger pointing and shaming
and like, enchanting and like pushing down another pillar
and watching another thing that was resting on it collapse.
Like I think that we've got a good six months left of that
before it gets like,
aren't we just, when the guy running with like,
one of the two people running is just like this turd person.
Like he's just, he's not gonna do anything with that rubble.
Like he's not gonna let go, thank you very much.
And now I'm gonna take that
and we're gonna build a big monument to women with it.
Like he's not going, he's gonna go like,
let's make missiles with this rubble.
It's gonna be up to us,
like how we interior decorate the nation.
It, yeah, we should do it, we'll do it on the moon.
I, I, I was, I was just gonna say that.
Like after his cars kill,
maybe we can like merge with him
and he'll like, if you give us a,
right before you said to still on the moon,
the original like joke premise of, of this podcast was like,
like we'd like, let's find like-minded people
and colonize another place and make things okay.
Like we're gonna have to like,
start like making colonies of like-minded people here
and actually let that become revolutionary.
You know where we're gonna start doing it, Jeff,
where we pick the people that, that get to help us
at the Comic-Con Harmontown show.
Oh shit. Wait, are you talking about the one July 22nd?
At the, what theater?
At the Balboa Theater?
The one who apparently our ticket sales are so shit
that we have to shoehorn this into our own show?
Apparently the show that's got show runners so worried
that they're calling Steve Levy and saying,
you guys gotta sell tickets
or we're gonna have to nix this whole thing.
Not me show, right?
Not show run, like the ones that run the shows having.
What do they call them?
Stage Peoples, right?
Stage Peoples.
Oh yeah, big time.
You know what else happens?
How many seats is the Balboa Theater, Steve Levy?
So many.
A thousand?
Oh, we can do a thousand on our fucking heads.
I mean, we don't even have to,
but we aren't even doing not even a thousand.
How much, what's the ticket price at the Balboa Theater?
$24.
$24?
Okay, fuck it.
Don't go.
That's, that's too much.
That's a lot of money.
That's their problem.
It should be fucking, I would say 12 tops.
I would say your $10 here is a little unfair.
And I think you're getting ripped off a little bit
to the tune of two to four dollars.
I would call this a eight to six dollars.
Also, at Comic-Con here,
Steve's shaking his head.
$24, also, you have to be in San Diego,
which is, you should have to get $24 back
just for entering San Diego.
That, well, that is true.
It sucks.
It's a terrible, terrible city.
We're smart people, we can figure this out.
Have you tried Mexican food in San Diego?
You think it would be great.
It's right by it.
It's right by Mexico.
And you'd be fucked if you can get a fucking proper taco
without leaving the tent.
You have to get out of San Diego to get Mexican food.
You'd be fucked.
Huh?
If you'd try to get a taco.
Yeah.
You're going to the wrong places.
There's one guy.
Look, yes, I know the San Diego people here.
Well, me after the show,
you tell me where to go get tacos,
and I will tell you that it's not in San Diego.
You're just outside of town.
You have to get out, you have to go so,
it's not a walk from Comic-Con.
You have to get into a car to get fucking food there.
Let's find out, let's ask ourselves.
I'm saying don't go to Comic-Con.
Don't go to the Balboa Theater on July 22nd.
I don't think you have the guts to prove me wrong.
Let's...
I guess there's that.
I've been to your shittiest town.
I would say let's figure out if this is a $10 show.
Just every guy has a wallet chain on.
Well, we'll give out free prizes at the Comic-Con.
If you're walking into an establishment
and the bouncer has a wallet chain on,
you're in a terrible place.
Let's figure out if this is...
Barbed wire tattoos?
Nope, nope, nope.
If this is a $10 show.
No, no.
Then we just need to figure out what a $12 show is,
which is as easy as raising this one 20%
in terms of quality,
and then doubling that for San Diego.
Right.
That's all I wanted to say for the last five hours.
What's that?
We go for five hours.
I don't think that increases the value of our show.
I will have no respect for anybody
that pays to see our show in San Diego.
I will be mad at everybody that comes there
and has put down $24 in the Balboa Theater on July 22nd.
And not just because Dan and I are gonna do
an all-nude review to start the show.
I'm saying it's not a reason to go see it.
And we'd also be really mad
if you made a website using Squarespace.
Even though they use an intuitive design
that works across all platforms.
Also, maybe you live in LA, all you people here.
Maybe driving down to San Diego,
don't listen to Audible.com.
I don't care how reasonable the prices are
to listen to your favorite novels online,
or even if you get a free book with sign-up.
And I don't care if you're wearing my undies,
the softest underwear.
Well, who needs books anyway?
When, you know, it's like all you people out there
with your stupid Warby Parker glasses.
Which we also don't want you to get.
And when you get them,
don't use them to look at fullscreen.com's content.
Even though it only costs as much as a cup of coffee.
A cup of coffee.
A giant coffee a month.
Yeah, for a month.
But I think the reverse thing has to work,
but I think you have to say to them,
like, don't come, or if you do, I'll kiss you to death.
Will it be on CISO?
No, no.
The comic-con show, no.
No, it won't.
You won't be able to see it.
You won't, we should do.
We should not record it.
No, shit.
Oh!
Master Blaster, Rottenbarter Town!
No more pig shit!
Phew!
Are you threatening or writing a song?
That's right.
Drive to San Diego and give us $24.
I want everyone to prove me,
someone take me to get to the best taco place in San Diego
so I could not be mad at San Diego.
Taco's El Gordo.
Taco's El Gordo, what?
El Gordo.
Eduardo.
El Gordo, El Gordo.
I'll tell you after the show.
El Gordo.
Gordo, fat, fat.
Gordo, Gordo.
El Gordo.
Yeah.
Fatty tacos.
Something like that.
Who's like a, who's a huge...
Oh, me.
Who's a huge Harmontown fan and like maybe,
I don't know, I was gonna say has like a degree in marketing
but maybe in your own head you do.
Like you think you know, like you're sitting here,
a young lady raised her hand there,
like would you like to come up and just...
No, you don't wanna, yeah?
Okay.
Wait, we've got, we'll keep him in my,
we'll put him on deck.
She's charging the stage, I love it.
Yeah.
What's your name?
Savannah.
Savannah, have a seat, grab a mic.
I think they're, oh, here.
Here, you use this.
Get her a mic.
Oh, okay.
All right, okay.
I switched mics for those of you in the control booth.
If you like spending, you can pull off the stands.
Oh, no, you can, yeah, sit and, yeah, here,
let's get rid of this piece of shit, a piece of shit.
Why is it there?
It's made of pennies.
Did you ever throw away pennies
when you're cleaning your office or your room or something?
I wouldn't be bothered to organize things.
I just throw it all in a bag.
You ever throw away books?
Yeah, a couple of times.
You feel guilty, right?
Like as you're like, it's like knowledge and it's like.
Yeah, especially if I like paid for them for school,
I just like, but there's so much anger.
What is that guilt we feel about throwing away books?
I don't throw away books.
Well, because I would feel too guilty about it.
Okay, well, what is that guilt?
What is it?
Somebody put a lot of effort into a book, I think.
I couldn't, even if I hate the book.
We don't treat it as the physical thing that it is.
We treat it as the ideas it represents.
Like when you work in books,
you're like this fucking garbage
and you're ripping covers off shit.
It's like a really weird harrowing experience.
I'd assume it's a lot like working in the meat industry.
You know?
We're soon out of here just banging calves
against walls and shit.
Yeah, look it up.
It could even be a subjective guilt
that's like the equivalent of throwing away a barbell.
Or you're like, that you've never used.
Like you're like, oh, am I really committing to throwing away
the barbell?
And also the garbage man's going to be like, Jesus Christ.
He's all ripped.
Stand 11.
Woo!
Uh, Savannah?
Yeah, Savannah.
Like the biome?
Yes, exactly like the biome, but with only one N.
So the biome, but with one N.
Savannah.
Yeah.
Where apes supposedly started walking upright to see over the tall grass and then to free
their hands for tool use.
But not true, the Savannah theory.
Wiped off the charts in 1995 by virtue of finding a new semi-human that had nutrients
in its bones that could not have been the result of eating food on the Savannah.
So we're living in a world where we don't know where humans came from.
Aquatic ape.
All right.
But I'm sure it's a beautiful name.
So what do you think?
You're a big Harmontown fan and you're thinking like, when you apply your mind to how we
could get people to show up to the Balboa Theater on Friday, oh you didn't know I was
going to twist it to that?
No, I didn't.
Oh, okay.
Well, what did you think I was going to ask?
I don't know.
I thought maybe you had a theory or something.
I didn't know.
Well, what's your favorite aspect of Harmontown?
The prizes.
The cash giveaways.
The prizes and free alcohol.
Yeah.
Uh-oh.
What do you want to drink?
Is that what you're saying?
No, absolutely.
I'm okay.
I'm drinking.
No, but you know.
Have a drink, Savannah.
What's a thing, put it this way.
So say I'm like a businessman that bought Harmontown and I'm like, I want to make Harmontown,
I'm going to give it to people, I'm going to do something like, I won't get specific,
but like you've been called in as like a Harmontown expert.
Like all the other Harmontown listeners have been wiped out in some like pretzel factory
explosion or like during like dollar tours because they're frugal, they're practical,
they love sodium.
My demographic is stuff like polls don't lie.
You guys love pretzels.
So they're all wiped out and you're sort of like the person who's in charge of like representing
the demographic that is like, that listens to the show.
And so some like suit is like hauling you in and going like, what's the deal with it?
Why don't I just get rid of it and what parts of it do I preserve?
What's the point?
And like what kind of things would you?
Well, I'm sorry to all the other Harmontown fans who are gone, but I think they would
probably if they were still there, would like maybe some of Jane's alcohol merchandise
for Harmontown.
I'll bring some.
I have some at my house.
We could bring it to give away to the fans bottles like the problem is that that's highly
illegal for like various federal reasons.
So figure that out.
Yes.
Yeah.
He's not allowed to license his own booze.
Okay.
Um, and maybe her, sorry, more free t-shirts, more free t-shirts, oh, I think we got a shit
ton of t-shirts.
Yeah.
Um, an Instagram contest maybe if you want to get the young people, Instagram contest
snapchat, snapchat contest.
How does that work?
How does it?
Um, will you just give them a time limit to submit things on whatever platform you're
going to use for Snapchat if you create like a filter for your show?
It's five dollars for just the evening for just the area that you're doing it in.
What?
Yeah, five dollars.
Yeah.
Do that tonight.
It's the big old dick.
Wait, I, I didn't, I don't, you're in large month, bitch.
Yeah.
Hashtag Spencer's dick.
Hashtag, no, just, just, just large month.
I actually don't understand.
Can you, cause I want to understand.
So do you use Snapchat?
I have.
Yes.
Okay.
So on Snapchat there are the filters you can use that companies can create.
You can also create them for communities if you're not making any money off of it.
And those are free if you get them approved and they meet the community guidelines, which
I'm not sure if you're.
No, it will.
It's, it's great.
I know a guy at Snapchat.
You're saying we can do like an exclusive Harmontown Snapchat thing that puts a dick
on your head or whatever.
Exactly.
So you would create the filter.
It's really easy to do.
Oh, and it only works in that geo-fenced area.
And for 20,000 square feet you can do for like $5 for the day, you can, you can do it.
And how does that also apply?
Sorry, I don't mean to cut you off.
You're a fountain of information.
I'm like putting my thumb over you, but, but, but I also, is there something similar
to do that with Instagram?
Like a.
For Instagram it would be different.
You wouldn't necessarily do a filter, though someone could take it with their Snapchat,
take it with a filter and then upload that to Instagram because now Instagram doesn't
have a limit.
You don't just have to do square photos.
You can do that like.
All right.
Vertical ones.
And then they could throw that on there.
So you could do it either way.
I would say do it separately.
It's a little too much work.
You want something really quick.
So you would have them send it to you, like create like a Harmontown Snapchat account
and then everyone would take photos and then send it on their story, but also send it to
the Snapchat account for Harmontown and you pick the favorite one, you could broadcast
them on the screen.
You could do a lot of different things with it.
Maybe we could use one of those hashtags.
You could use a hashtag.
All right.
So how can I pervert this into a way to, because I don't, the only thing I need help with
is getting people into the Balboa Theater on the 22nd.
I'm saying don't come.
That's all we'll put on the Snapchat filter.
Anyone in the area will know.
Well, you could do it.
So they would only be able to use the filter if they were in that area and then if you'd
have to take a photo with the filter or they'd have to like, you know, tag themselves there.
They'd have to take a picture maybe with someone, you know, something that shows that they
were at the event or they just have to promote it themselves.
Oh, you're saying like, so people who, so people who, this is the age old thing of like,
anyone who comes to this thing is eligible maybe for a thing that's like, at the top
of that is like a big deal like, I'm going to, restaurants do that, like the habit when
they open something new, they'll like do that where you have to go and you take a photo
with their Snapchat filter and then they give you free swag with the habit on it, which
is not like, maybe some people are really into the habit.
So you want to have it, but for other people who want Harmontown swag, they could take
a photo and then if there's evidence they do that, then you could get something free
when they check and when they're ticket out there.
What if, what if you and a friend, but I want this to be contingent on all thousand seats
filled.
We could give them free habit.
The prize is whatever, whatever the contest is, the prize is that then you, you and a
friend cause we want it to be just a technically an abduction, they, they come home with, with
me and my friends on the, on the party bus that I booked to go back and then they come
and they, they live in my house and, and they just come to work with me, but it's like the
fine print is like, you're getting up at like seven AM sometimes and like, like my dogs
are going to like, like, like, like, like Harvey will roll over and do a submissive
pee on you.
Like I don't make breakfast.
Like I, you'll be drinking Soylent.
Yeah.
You don't keep food in the house really.
But like you can stay in my, I have a guest room and then like, you could like, you could
just come, you just come like, like, like, if I could put you in a backpack, I would
like, but like, you just like, or handcuff you to me and like you would just, I was just
right Rick and Morty and you'd be there and like that would be thrilling for some people.
Yeah.
I'm sure.
Even the, even the chance at it might make a thousand people show up.
Yeah.
But maybe that's the contingency as I go.
A thousand people didn't show up.
So the top prize is a t-shirt.
That sounds great.
All right.
We'll figure something like that out because that's what I, because I'm like, I don't,
I don't do stuff when I go home at night, like sit on a bowl of ice cream or like, like
look at like, I don't have like a shoebox of Polaroids or anything.
So that's like a resource I have where I could just like, I could just like have a person.
This isn't an invitation to stalk me, but I'm just saying like, my life is compatible
with like just a person like walking around.
That's what Spencer and Steve Levy are.
They, they, they, they, they, they, we all cohabitate.
Yeah.
Like we're just a family.
So maybe, maybe that's like a luxurious package.
I think that's what we did for the AIDS thing.
Oh yeah.
Yeah, that like, for Rick and Morty, like they're going to come home.
Sorry.
Jeff did a thing.
It was great.
I, I, I don't know what you're talking about.
All right.
Rick and Morty did an AIDS thing.
Yeah.
Where you could like, the more you donate it, you are eligible for a thing where you, you
do a voice on Rick and Morty and then I think you hang out, but not, yeah, like maybe
it'll be like.
We still got to do that, right?
Right?
Yeah.
You can't, you can't.
But Dan, you were talking, you were talking about earlier about like hanging out in Comic
Con is kind of a bummer.
It's, it would be fun to have like a little party space.
What if we had, what if we had like a little, like our own little party?
Oh, we'll be hanging out at the Geek and Sundry Lounge.
Is that right?
Yeah.
Just go there.
It'll be fine.
What are they going to do?
All right.
Savannah, you want to see what this other guy has to say maybe?
Yeah, sure.
You're not afraid of a little competition.
Why don't you come up, sir?
You know who you are.
Hello, sir.
Are you Luke?
I'm Zach.
Zach.
Yeah.
Wait.
Did you bring me the booze?
No.
No, that was Luke.
He looks like me though.
That was another, that was another guy that was bald with a beard.
There are many of us here tonight.
Oh yeah.
I'm among my people and it's just, it's just, you know, it's to beat the heat.
You're not, you're not a neo-Nazi.
I'm, no, I'm certainly not.
He's got one of those Hillary stars on his shirt.
Sorry, I didn't hear that.
Oh, stars of David on your shirt.
They're Chicago stars.
Yeah.
You know, yeah, that, they actually do look more like, you know, so it's fine.
I don't like the placement though, because they're like, what are we doing?
So I'm talking, we're getting to know Zach and we're welcoming him and not terrorizing
him.
I want to, now that I know that.
All right.
Well, I'll fill you in more carefully.
Jesus Christ.
I know.
So the tail wags the dog around him.
He's like this?
He's, he's, he's in a, he's, he's in a good mood, I think.
Yeah.
What's he really like?
Are you guys comfortable?
We want you to feel that way.
I'm, as long as I'm amongst you and Dan and Jeff, I'm comfortable.
Well, that's not very often in your life, apparently.
Savannah.
Nice to meet you.
Savannah with one N.
Um, what, uh, Zach, what were you going to say?
You said, cause it just cause I'm curious, cause I said, I made the dumb Nazi joke about
your shaved head for those who are listening.
He has a shaved head.
Uh, and you said it's not to beat the heat and you didn't finish.
Well, I actually, I like it, it's just simply because I don't want to have a receding hairline.
Um, and I've got like a little bald spot back here.
I'm actually like, I'm about three days past the last time I shaved my head.
So you can start to see it a little bit.
Where do you do, how do you, do you go, do you go to a barber or do you just do it yourself
now?
No, I just, I just put shaving cream on and so you got one of those like mock 17 blade.
Oh, right.
Do you, do you, do you pick it like, like, like, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's, that seems
like a tremendous effort.
I, I, it's not really, it's really, it's really easy and very satisfying to imagine.
Like every fucking conceivable razor, no, I'm holding like a BIC, like a, no, not one
of them.
Like I've got like the mock or Gillette, Gillette, something that it's got like a, like a, like
a rotating ball that has a bunch of a phantasm 2000.
Yes.
It is.
Oh boy.
First, the first metal ball comes in and terrorizes your soul.
The second ball kidnaps your body, fills it with formaldehyde and fuck it.
Yeah.
How many of those balls were there?
I just remember.
Three.
There were three of them.
There were three.
I only ever saw phantasm too.
Which was fucked up.
I thought, I was, I was going to a movie theater.
I was a kid and it was a radar movie and I was with adults, meaning like my brother's
friends and like, um, I didn't know the word phantasm.
I was confusing it with, uh, Phantasia.
Oh.
And so I was like, why are we going to see phantasm too?
Who cares what happened to those broomsticks?
Clearly the lesson was don't play with magic when the wizard's gone.
I don't, I think that lesson is like learned and I was like, what the hell's going on?
But I just want to fit in.
And then it was a fucking crazy, really cool horror movie.
Phantasm too.
Imagine if the tall man had one of the, had like the, the outfit that Mickey was wearing
with the hat.
It would have been even better.
How is that the, what are the rules there when you just put on a fucking hat and all
of a sudden you can make animated golems and shit out of brooms?
I think he had a book, I think a spell book.
He just touched.
Oh wait, maybe he did.
All right.
That tracks.
I always thought that was like high level magic he was tabbing it to.
Hard to believe.
Well, it was pretty.
I mean, he made an army of self replicating broom men.
Yeah.
That's crazy.
But then he, he gets more than he bargained for at some point, right?
Oh, an army of self replicating broom men.
That's how magic, that's what magic does.
It's always more than what you bargained for.
That's what it says on the cover of that book.
Yeah.
All right.
So what's your, what are your thoughts about like, and, and listen, bonus points for if
you have thought about taking it into the Balboa specificity.
How do I move, how do I move asses into seats for the, for July 22nd?
Well, I'm in, I'm in advertising.
I'm in digital advertising.
So I designed.
Fingers.
And fingers.
Digital fingers.
Digits.
I think it's the easiest because you're like, Hey, you have 10 of them.
Yeah.
Why not?
Why not 11?
Yeah.
That's all.
I mean, digital advertising is essentially this.
Sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Here they are.
They're all here.
Sorry.
All 10 of them.
Zach, just pretend Dan's not here.
Too late.
So you shave your head, but you leave the beard.
This is how I produce a jawline.
I know what you mean, man.
If I don't have this, I look like a Muppet.
Yeah.
What does that term neck beard mean?
You know, I always get so scared because it's like, it's when there's no defining
line underneath, but that's good.
I mean, you have made a defining line, but if you have a good, strong jawline, if you're
like Jay Cutler from the Bears, who's right, who can do that and get away with it when
it's bad, it looks kind of like a main leg.
You're just a fat lion.
Like it's really, it's not a beard on your chin.
It's like this hairy ring around your neck.
That's like the failure of the neck beard, I think.
Yeah.
So Zach, when you're doing the beard, is that all razor?
Are you doing electric around there?
How do you?
Oh, no.
This is laser precise.
This is with a bit too.
Really?
So you just...
I actually have two razors that I use.
I have a ball, Gillette, 17 blade thing for this, and the big for this.
Am I wrong in saying exactly you also go on top of the mustache?
Yes.
I've had a beard since I was about three years old, so I've been able to perfect the grooming
of...
Well, then let me ask you this.
I can't grow a nice mustache or a beard.
I have very splotchy, patchy, Johnny Depp used car sales.
Well, you have a very beautiful face.
You don't need to have...
And facial hair, I think, is for people that are kind of ashamed of their face, like I
am.
But you're a very handsome guy, Zach.
I've got a great beard.
Are you saying if you...
But you have great hair.
Are you saying if we saw you without that beard that we would go like, oh, my God.
Yeah, I wouldn't be up here.
Have you ever seen...
Don't you get a little mad when you see, well, like Daniel Gilley's last week, he had a beard.
Like when handsome guys have beards, like it is not like it pisses you off.
It's like, you can tell that it's like, yeah, it is weird.
It's like, it almost looks like they're in disguise.
It's the whole, like, lumberjack, like, lumbersexual thing that goes on.
Lumbersexual.
Yeah, I kind of have to, I've named it into mannequins.
I'm kind of a lumbersexual.
Do you guys...
It's just a leg, though, right?
I just got...
I got this haircut because I was on Larry King now.
It's like, TV guy, magazine.
I got a haircut because I was going to be on Webisodes of what used to be TV, and I thought
it was a great haircut, and then Cody was laughing because she said that in the back,
he made me look like a Lego.
I saw that.
It's a little too precise.
She's like, really?
She was like, taking pictures of me from behind.
She wanted to do a split screen with, like, a Lego guy.
Yeah, I guess I looked at it, and I was like, yeah, I guess I was pretty straight, and he
did that.
But, I mean, I would have never...
All right.
All right, so digital advertising, what do you think?
What do we do to get some butts in the Balboas?
My initial instinct is to think visually when advertising, and you've got three strapping
young men up here that are part of the podcast, that I think we just do a shot with you guys
in the same outfits that they're wearing, and now you see me.
I don't think that's gonna...
I mean...
It is...
It's a...
You listen to it.
Yeah.
It's a podcast.
You know, it's just like a...
We don't have a budget for, like, a bus stop ad.
I'm gonna say, like, all I can think of is bribery, like, show up.
That's what I'm saying.
Prizes.
Or it also promises, like, okay, so sometimes when we go abroad...
We'll build a wall.
Like, and go, like, well, sometimes, you know, sometimes the traveling shows are the drunkest
of all.
Like, maybe, what if it was like, okay, I promise you, like, what are some features
of a show?
Like, I'm not gonna say I'm not gonna be drunk, but I will say I won't be blackout drunk when
I take the stage, and I...
And to prove that I'll prepare bits, like, what's like a bit?
If I were to do Savannah, if I were to do bits, like, top ten lists, or like, what kind of...
What could come out of the Harmontown psyche that you think would be, like, a good, like,
kind of feature that you, like, you know, like, Harmon's thoughts or, you know, like,
I'm putting you on the spot.
Oh, no, that's okay.
Well, from the Comic Con show last year, like, kind of going over some of the things you
saw at Comic Con that maybe you could, you know, then talk about for an extended period
of time.
So maybe your top ten worst moments at Comic Con are the moments that made you cringe,
or moments that really made you...
I think, Dan, you should dress as Poison Ivy.
But, again, that's not, I mean, they're gonna be like, okay, cool, dress like Poison Ivy.
I'll look that up on...
If you can guarantee, like, guests, but maybe don't say exactly who they are, but, like,
kind of give hints as to who they might be that are vague enough that people won't be
disappointed.
Yeah, that's what we do, Dan.
You just...
We just say that we have an awesome guest.
And also, Spencer and I are both gonna dress as Slave Leia.
And Star...
Yeah.
And Star Wars 8 is gonna make an appearance.
Curtis Armstrong will text...
Will text Curtis Armstrong.
I heard him say...
Yeah!
By the way, where is Curtis?
Have we lost him forever?
What's going on?
Thank you, Zach.
Where...
What happened to Curtis?
He said some racist shit to me in the parking lot.
Oh, no.
And I was like, dude, that's cool, but, like, people should know you're racist, and he's
like, I don't care about my image, Dan.
And I said, yes, you do.
And he said, he's like, no, dude!
People with different colored skin for me are less people.
And I was like, Curtis, if anyone could hear you saying this right now, they'd be so broken-hearted.
And he said, that's the point, baby!
That guy and Christopher Walken sound the exact same.
The exact same.
All right.
Wait.
Curtis Armstrong, I think I only have...
Zach, do you have any impressions?
I had a party, like, who can you break out as an impression?
It hasn't been on the show.
I mean, I could do a slight walk-in, but it...
Give me a slight walk-in.
Can you give me a slight walk-in ordering breakfast?
Okay, well, Levy, make sure Curtis Armstrong is... make sure we connect with him and see
if he can do the show at the Balboa.
And I'll pay him.
Tell him he's got us over a barrel.
And then if you come...
All right.
If you come to the Balboa show...
Which you shouldn't.
Guaranteed photograph and...
Parking lot.
HJs.
I want...
I never really do this except at this show anyway, but when we go out of town, I usually...
Well, actually, I've been entering a phase where I'm kind of like, yeah, I don't want
to do the...
Yeah, I think.
So, guaranteed, for sure, no matter how many of you show up at the Balboa, if you paid
to get in, then part of that price is you're guaranteed, we'll have to figure out where
to go possibly, maybe they'll need the theater.
But I'll do a whole line thing or...
Taco is at El Gordo.
Figure out how you get a picture, you get a picture.
It sounds presumptuous.
I've tried to understand him as a writer, so it sounds weird to try to sell that, like,
because it's like a thing.
But that would be...
That to me is like a basic thing, like, oh, it's $24.
We're driving to San Diego.
I'm definitely going to get a photograph, for sure.
In good lighting.
Why are you shaking your head, Steve?
Oh, because it's a thousand people, and it'll take technically until Monday to do it.
Well, I've done it before.
Say you're going to debut the Justice League trailer, and make a fake Justice League trailer,
and...
Oh, I can show something.
Write that down.
Let me bring like a Rick and Morty clip, like, in secret.
Let's...
Because it's right before we drop all the Harmon Quest episodes, let's just show all the Harmon
Quest episodes.
It'll be after.
We even know CISO's not coming to that, and they have no part of it.
Comic-Con's after we drop Harmon Quest, speaking of which, we just wrapped Harmon Quest.
11 days, 11 days until you got to get CISO.
All right.
If you come to the Balboa Theater on July 22nd, I will be there on stage.
Do you think they have, like, airplay, like, capability?
Like, do you think we could get them to do, like, a projection thing?
All right.
No, we can.
We'll look into this.
No, we'll do that.
I will...
I'll...
I'll write...
A special Comic-Con episode of Rick and Morty.
Live.
No, it should be more...
I'm sorry.
Like, I'll write...
I'll write the community movie, like, like, gotta...
Or, like, the first act of it, or I'll get as much through it as I can while you watch.
I'll start, like...
You'll just see the final drafts up on the screen.
Yeah, like, fade in, and, like, I'll start writing the community movie until the show
starts.
Yeah, yeah.
And I will...
Yeah.
I like that.
And then prizes.
And then there'll be prizes, and Spencer's gonna dress as Poison Ivy, Savannah's gonna
be there, like, doing, like, a Cirque du Soleil thing.
She'll do her aerial ribbon act.
It's amazing.
You have to see it.
All right.
Well, thanks to our PR department, Savannah.
Zach and Savannah, please.
All right.
Thank you.
What a great generation, Jeff.
Thank you, Zach.
You know?
I don't say these millennials that they're pieces of shit.
I don't see it.
But you fundamentally disagree with that.
Yeah, I do.
I see hope in them.
What do you think separates the millennials from our generation?
I think, you know, I think they're more dishonest about how racist they are.
They've found new ways to tap dance around it.
They're the Baryshnikovs of actual racism.
They come to the table more apple-compatible, for sure.
That's always good.
I don't think they're worried about Y2K as much as my generation did.
Do you want to come up here?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, you can't see.
All right.
Please welcome my co-worker, John Eidzen.
Eidzen.
Is it just Eidzen?
It's Edzen, actually.
Where's the I?
It's silent.
Yeah.
All right.
Your last name is E-I-D-S-O-N.
Mm-hmm.
Where's your buddy?
Well, he's off in Tahoe for 4th of July, so he's going to be very sad that he wasn't
here.
John, whose name I just learned isn't his partner's name, Nick.
You're really selling that I'm a co-worker here.
Yeah.
He's, we sold an idea to FX called Happy City, which is going to be like, it's like a Thomas
the Tank Engine kind of thing, but it's like, it's friends and they're hanging out.
Yeah, it's a taxi and a helicopter and an ambulance and another taxi.
Yeah.
And they hang out.
They're millennial vehicles.
I think they're sold on it already.
In the big city, Happy City, and it's hard to be in the Happy City, especially when like
one of the characters, and I'm not going to spoil it, it's Tyler the Taxi.
You're not that happy.
Oh, shit.
But really it's just, we've been calling it friends or Seinfeld without arms.
Yeah.
When we sold the show, I don't think we realized how hard it was going to be to write for characters
that can't pick things up.
You wouldn't believe how many fucking conversations we had.
That's the thing.
People don't understand tonality in television is this totally fractal, continuum-based thing.
There is no, oh, is it going to be funny like Chappelle's show, or is there going to be
funny like Larry Sanders?
It's like, no, it's like, there's questions that you don't know that you don't have the
answers to until you ask them.
For instance, on Rick and Morty, the whole big decision we had to make when we were writing
the pilot for Rick and Morty, Justin and I, we had to have like a three-hour conversation,
and the end of it all was just saying, look, I don't know how to define the rules of the
universe, but we're just going to say, if a kid comes through a portal into his high
school cafeteria, it doesn't change his social status within the high school.
It's more like he came in on a skateboard.
He came in through the portal, but he fell down.
The cute girl that he has a crush on says, did you just come through a portal?
Did you just do that?
But she doesn't mean like, is there a God?
Are you the Messiah?
Does this change everything?
It's not even like pulling up in a Ferrari in the 80s.
It's just like, so you make these decisions, so we had to make the decision that these
are cars and helicopters and fire trucks and shit, and everything's alive, but they have
to have apartments.
But the apartments also have to have personalities.
So yeah, if you come to this show with questions about internal logic, you're purposely fucked.
Yeah, I'll leave your logic at the door.
Donnie the door.
Are other things than humans and vehicles alive?
Like, yeah, the whole city is alive.
Yeah, there's people.
Yeah.
But we kind of see the people like flies or like horses see flies and just kind of brushing
them off.
Yeah.
So like taxis, like take them and dump them off or like, but like, yeah, like if your
friend's in the ambulance and then he's like, hey, hey Tyler, do you want, do you want some
people?
Yeah, I do, that's my job and then like he pulls up and like put, throws some people
from the ambulance into the taxi, but then your boss will yell at you about that later
because you're not supposed to do that.
Like an ambulance is supposed to take the people to the hospital.
You're not supposed to just because you're a taxi take people out of an ambulance.
And the hospital also being a character.
Let's say it's just two cars hanging out like the best friends.
Do they go out to a restaurant and sit at a car restaurant?
Yes.
But it's not a car restaurant.
It's just a restaurant.
Because they're not drinking motor oil.
They're eating pancakes and floating drinks to their faces.
How are they seated?
Like, are they seated?
Like, I'll pull up to the table, but then, but then if there's like a, you know, we had
a long time because like if somebody's like, if somebody's talking and it's like clear,
like if there's a subplot about like, well, I think that person might be gay, but they're
not admitting it yet.
And then there's these two people have been talking about it, but this person says something
that this person, this car and this, the helicopter is like, like saying something.
But then you pan over to the other taxi and they don't have arms.
So there's just a knife and fork floating in front of them.
But their eyes are going, which is a universal language.
Yeah.
It's like, like, like they don't have arms.
So it's just a knife and fork floating, but they're going, you know, see, somebody's
gay apartment.
Is it, is there like a shot of a car just laying in bed like, like wondering what he's
doing with his life?
If he's sick, if the car is sick, does he, is he in bed?
We haven't, I guess so, I feel like we're going to have to get back to you on that
note.
Because the alternative would be that he's at Jiffy Lube and it's dumb.
Yeah.
Once you start Yankevicking it, you're fucked.
Initially, initially we pictured them going into houses or apartments and then going to
their rooms and they have a little garage inside of their room that they go into, which
became a little too cute, I think.
Yeah.
So now I was saying for a while, well, when they hang out, they should just be at an
intersection.
Like, yeah, but then it's like, well, how many episodes of this are we going to do and
how much of a 25-year-old's life is about cohabitation and about landlord conflict and
about property value and like, aren't they going to get texts and like, and for a while
I was like, well, maybe they don't get texts.
Let's rise above it and like, but I was like, there's no fucking way, like the cars just
have phones that'll just float out in front of them and then they'll text each other and
they live in apartments.
If the cars, let's say one of your main characters is a car and goes to like, would they go to
a rock concert?
And if they go to the rock concert, would it all just be cars, or would there be people
there too, or just cars?
There would be people, like if you squint or freeze frame, there would be people climbing
all over the place.
Because like, there is a plane of the universe where this show is actually about the people
who don't understand why their cars are doing all this.
But we had a long time where I was saying, oh, you have to hold it up to both realities
where every episode, if you watch every frame, you like, everything makes sense in some weird
way that like, like the way that we're controlled by brain chemicals.
So I was like, why did that guy take a hatchet to his family?
Well, like, like because he's fucking, he's schizophrenic, but also had a little bit, just
a touch of Asperger's.
And then it was Tuesday.
And so, but, but the truth is like some forensic files, there's just like, you know, it's like,
how much control, what is the difference between free will and destiny?
And we don't, we don't really know.
We just feel like we're making these choices.
So why wouldn't these cars just feel like they're having these stories where they're
like, fuck you, buddy.
And then they drive away.
But in reality, on the people's side, if you look at it, you can see two tiny people
that are like mad at each other as well.
And like, but I think we let that go.
Yeah.
Now it's just cars that go to a rock concert, probably, and there's people like just climbing
all over the place.
Maybe we'll have the Easter egg of what the people are doing.
But ultimately, I think it's kind of that maybe the team America thing of how do the
cars play basketball?
Let's figure it out.
We haven't made it yet.
So that's going to be the next step.
So the cars are playing basketball.
What is the diameter of the basketball?
Who made the basketball?
These are like, no, it's just a car.
It's proportionate to the car.
So like, oh, if a person got out of that car, that'd be a giant basketball.
No, it's a basketball for the cars.
It's dribbling next to them.
They have no arm.
Deal with it.
And the way we're dealing with it is we're going to have a live action mayor.
Yeah, we got it.
We got it.
I think we should put out the call right now.
We'd like it to be Michael Shannon, actor Michael Shannon.
If anyone knows him.
In between scenes, we'd like to just go back to the mayor's office and have fucking freaky
Michael Shannon just intensely ask a lot of the questions that you were about to ask
and then answer them with like, I don't know, being mayor doesn't mean I'm in control.
All I know is that when two friends are jealous of a third friend, like the shit goes down,
the stories are held together by emotional, because also, like, guess what, when you're
watching Seinfeld, why does everybody always sit on one side of the table?
I mean, you can't turn you back to the camera.
It's just as unnatural as if everyone was cars.
There's always a reason why everything's fucking weird and you have to, like, maybe
we're all cars.
Maybe we are all cars.
That's what the show makes you ask.
How often do you wonder where a basketball came from?
Yeah.
Yeah, why?
Who made this orange?
Yeah.
Did they answer that?
Did they answer your question?
Yeah, it does.
I think it's going to be really good show.
So are we still writing it?
I want to watch the show, because also, like, I want to watch that show and wonder, I want
to have a lot of questions about it, and I want to find out that they're not going to
be answered or they're going to be answered very slowly or...
Yeah, remember ABC's Cavemen?
Yes, I do.
Like, that show could have lasted a hundred episodes if it had just accepted that it was
fucked up.
It was fucked up.
Yeah.
And I still have the pilot that never aired of Cavemen, which was way more racist, where
the Cavemen were really good dancers and had big dicks and had lots of rhythm and stuff
like that.
They dropped that for the unerring pilot.
Okay, here's what we do, about both theater, July 22nd.
You're going to have to raise those same prizes.
We show the unerred pilot of Cavemen.
Holy smoke, they asked me to audition for that one, and I declined.
Even Saturday night, I know a lot of people auditioned for Cavemen and didn't get the
job.
Well, Nick Kroll did, and he was really, that's how I met Nick Kroll, I found out he was the
smart Caveman in Cavemen, he was the one with the glasses, and I asked him 500 Cavemen questions,
he answered every single one.
It was the first time I'd ever met him, and I was like, that guy's cool, man.
He did not.
Yeah.
Cavemen's worth a look, it's worth watching, what was it, four episodes, how many did they
make?
I think like four aired, they probably made six.
It is fucking bonkers.
What year was this?
I don't know.
Wow.
I think someone from the cast is here.
2006 sounds good, sounds like the year.
Yeah, it's fucking, I have it at my place, please come over and watch it with me, it's
really good.
All thousand people.
You know, I treat yourself, find the pilot to Mr. Edd.
It's one of the funniest goddamn half hours of TV you'll ever see in your life.
So John, tell everybody that I'm fun to work with.
I wasn't done with Mr. Edd, dad.
Well, I'm not fun, but just tell him it's amazing to work with me.
It's so amazing.
For example.
At his house, you're greeted by his dogs immediately, did you get peed on?
Just a little.
Yeah.
Well, Harvey growls at me a lot.
But he doesn't know what growl means.
But he doesn't know what that means.
He thinks it means play with me.
Oh, sorry, I wasn't selling this well enough.
No, no.
Well, there is the Apple TV thing, like, because I tried to put up on the screen and then I
was like.
You know, embarrassing things pop up whenever Dan turns his Apple TV on, started taking
photos to Dan's shame of the Kelly Clarkson songs revealed of last played on the Apple
TV.
That's fun.
We have a good laugh about that.
Yeah.
Welcome, guys.
All right.
Let's open a laptop.
Apple TV is not working.
It'll be bitching about it for a while, like squaring and going like, fuck the technology.
Fuck, fuck, fuck.
He's got a fish tank that he's still learning how to work.
Then comes up and it says Kelly Clarkson, whatever makes you stronger, whatever the fuck it
is.
And it's like, as Nick pointed out, the progress indicator is five seconds before the end of
the song, which means like, it's like, there's unmistakings, like there's nothing you could
do.
You could never get out of it.
Yeah.
There's no, I got hacked.
My account got hacked.
No, you listened to the song, you danced to it and you're underwear and then the doorball
rang.
How are the fish doing?
Are the fish thriving?
He has a hard time dealing with the light.
That's okay now.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
Good.
Thank God for Golan.
Yeah.
Golan, the fish guy.
He's important to the household.
Yeah.
I'm a dick to the aquarium guy.
Didn't he steal the remote?
Wasn't there a hubbub with this remote?
The light didn't work for a while and he didn't tell me he had to open the cabinet in order
for the remote for the light on the fish tank to work.
That means it's not a remote.
It's a detachable button pad.
Because if you have to open the, I mean, not that I needed it to be remote.
I'd love a button under the cabinet that just turns the light on so you can see the fish.
The fish have a light cycle.
Once the fish live their natural life in a two-foot tank, they'd go crazy going like,
why isn't it morning yet?
Why is it nighttime?
So it goes around a cycle, but the only time people are going to come over to my place
and see the fish, it's there in their nighttime.
So it's a black tank.
So they want to hit a button and go, there's the fish, look, there's a prawn.
So I went back and forth with this guy, and I'm a huge dick.
I read one of my texts when I was going through the divorce.
I did this whole, it was like, I don't work that.
Yeah, you were like, quoting Edward Albee.
Well, while you were there, yeah, I said, this was the most, I said, like, because it
was like the fifth time I asked about the remote not working for the light.
And then I tagged it with a generic, if you ever want to just like be a dick that seems
intellectual, I said, I feel like I'm in an Edward Albee play.
Which one?
Who's turned in the tank on?
And then he was like, no, and he called me and he's like, he's going to open the door.
It's not a good way to end the show.
So it sounds like a lot of people are going to watch on FX when we have our Happy City
show.
After they pick it up, after we turn in the script, we've got some work to do.
So I keep pushing the meetings where I have to do a pass on the script.
But John, what's your least favorite thing about working with Dan?
What's the downside to working with Dan Harmon?
His unavailability.
Oh, because you want more of me.
Yeah.
Wait, that makes sense.
No, that's a scarcity.
I'm going to stick with that.
Now you're a busy man.
You're a hard worker.
You guys are all lucky to be getting his time right now.
I fight before it sometimes, I think.
That's true.
It's not a joke.
You guys are delightful, by the way.
These guys, they were YouTubers.
Consimate good sports, these guys.
They haven't been in the TV world yet.
Something like indoctrinating them into like, no, you just got to write a shitty script.
It was terrifying for you guys, but you guys are like fucking churning shit out.
We did what you said we don't.
You guys are doing shit that does not feel good for you to do because I asked you to
do it.
And you're getting punished for it.
That's great.
No.
I mean, to be honest, it's been awesome.
We just got the absolute luck of getting to pitch Dan this idea that you liked enough
to take out with us, and we've been learning so much from you.
It's been awesome.
I mean, we watched community from the beginning.
We've watched all your stuff.
So to be learning.
If he's abusing you, just blink twice.
But yeah, no, it's great.
It's been awesome.
I'm a good person.
I have a reputation for not, and I don't know why I'm not in a better mood because tonight,
I usually have work tomorrow when I come to the show.
I should be in a good mood.
I have tomorrow off.
Well, from moment one, honestly, you were so gracious to hear our idea, which I think
kind of surprised us because we weren't...
I urged him not to take that meeting.
I said, these guys are YouTubers.
It's not worth it.
They're never going to mount to anything.
I've probably never wrote a script in their life.
I feel this is where I've known Dan forever, and he shot down my skateboard TV show where
everybody was skateboards.
He didn't like it.
Well, we took the best parts of that.
The thing is, my skateboards had arms.
That's worked out beforehand.
I always...
The running joke with these guys is I keep pretending that I'm using them to get close
to PewDiePie, but I have a...
You bring them up an awful lot.
I looked on the calendar, there's a PewDiePie meeting coming up.
Oh, shit.
PewDiePie's a big fan of Harmontown.
We can really elevate his craft.
He's coming in.
Jeff doesn't know what the PewDiePie is.
He's just a phenomenon.
We're currently working with Dan.
We'll move on to you, I guess, at once.
Think about it.
If the Beatles was on YouTube, it's like...
He's like the Beatles of YouTube.
He's a video game reviewer.
It's a perfect analogy.
He's like the biggest fucking force on that entire place.
All right.
Yeah.
Okay.
He's the Tim Allen of YouTube in 1998.
Yeah, he makes noises.
His name is PewDiePie?
Yeah.
PewDiePie.
He's from foreign place.
Europe.
Yeah.
One of them.
Booking for Comic-Con.
Yeah, he's going to be at the Balboa Theater.
He'll be doing autographs.
July 23rd.
Take all those photos.
He's the day after us.
If I told you guys that PewDiePie was at my Comic-Con show, would you come to the Comic-Con
show?
I really thought the audience would be too generous.
I don't believe that.
They're going to come and it's just going to be me.
And you know he's listening because he's a fan.
And now he's like...
You know who else is a fan?
Lin-Mo Manuel Miranda.
And I started Mad Beef with that guy.
Well, he wants to...
He hates me.
He wants to come on the show.
No, he wants to tear me apart.
I don't think so.
I don't want to see him.
I'm afraid of what he'll do to me.
Well, I may...
And not in a racist way.
I may have to have him on the show because he wants to come on the show.
No, it'd be amazing, but I think he really just wants to take me to task.
I guess it'd be worth it.
Yeah, it'd be worth it.
Yeah.
What did you do to him?
I said some not nice things about Hamilton.
Like, I don't get it.
It's just rapping.
And then someone was like, that's not very nice.
I love Lin-Manuel Miranda.
And then he follows me because he's apparently a huge fan of Harmontown.
And he sees me tweet and he gets real mad.
I don't know.
Well, maybe not real mad.
No, he gets so mad.
He gets steamed.
We should have him do a rap battle with Dan.
Oh, no, I know.
Yeah.
I'm so sorry.
Or is he too chicken?
To come to the Balboa Theater.
That's what we're trying to...
On August 4th.
Let's look into him too for the...
That's our takeaway. A big A-list guest for the Balboa.
Obviously.
Yeah.
Let's do it.
What's Felicia Day doing?
She'll be at the Geek and Sundry lounge.
We'll be hanging out.
Because I can get you sherry otary.
Well, what have we learned tonight?
John.
What have we learned tonight?
Oh, man. A lot about the forensic files.
Puba cares.
I wonder if there's anything I left off of them.
Did we learn everything we needed to know about Puba cares?
They travel.
Yeah.
Or migrate.
Okay.
What about kid murder?
How to do it?
If you want to get away with a murder, the best way to do it is have a boat.
You got to have your own boat.
You can't borrow a boat because they go, oh, did you borrow a boat recently?
Yeah.
If you're onto that now, though, because now it's like, if you murder...
I mean, you can't have a boat that you just teleport to, so the docs just have cameras all over them.
So if you get on the boat with somebody you don't like and you come back alone, that holds up in court.
Have a boat, own the security cameras like system.
Also, have a carpet business where you're constantly rolling up carpets and putting them on your boat.
But you got to do that for like four or three, three, four years of rolling up carpets and putting them on your boat in under the water carpeting.
There's only one thing we didn't talk about tonight.
I was talking about selfie sticks and I was asking questions about them and how they worked.
And then it came around to, we'll skip a couple of steps because it came around to, I started looking it up and I saw that museums were banning selfie sticks in Europe.
And I was like, yeah, do you really want to be on the side of that snobbery? Aren't American tourists? We're always going to be obnoxious.
Who knows? Who do you side with in that Mothra versus Gamera fight?
And then Jeff was saying, I wouldn't allow selfie sticks at my museum.
And I was like, I know one reason why you shouldn't is because you could use them in an elaborate crown, what do you call it, affair.
Like your selfie stick is easily, yeah, take it easy. I was testing it. Obviously it's a heist tool.
You could disguise a selfie stick, you know, you could use a selfie stick to do a lot of Hudson Hawk like painting, grabbing.
Without question.
And then Jeff brought up this thing where he said, like, if I had a museum, I would invite people, I would not allow selfie sticks,
but I would, just to make it clear that it wasn't about that, I would say, go ahead, rob my museum.
And so then it started me thinking, so here's my pitch.
Yeah, I challenged it was like, show me what you got. Like I dare you to try to get away with robbing my museum.
So here's my museum pitch. This is how you make like a profitable museum.
So you know, every museum has like a gift shop with like key chains and like Chinese finger traps and like fans and like,
you know, like at the Getty, you go there, you get a Chinese finger trap.
On the way out.
So you take that shit, you put it on display in your museum, you fill the gift shop with incredibly expensive heist items.
Oh, welcome to my teddy bear key chain museum.
By the way, we encourage you to rob it while you're here.
Can we interest you in a $5,000 can of laser spray?
The spray you use to reveal where the lasers are?
Would you like some Night Vision goggles for $48,000?
Shouldn't the art there be expensive? We say they use that laser spray.
No, the art there is it. People are constantly fucking stealing shit.
They're dangling down on why are you sold them for $50,000 a foot?
Snatching your teddy bear that costs $3 to replace?
I'm a genius.
Wouldn't they take your expensive heist items and go to a museum that had expensive art?
No, they wouldn't. Well, they have to buy them.
What this place is, is A, he wants to turn a profit.
All right.
You just have an expensive outlet for heist items.
Yes, and by the way, this isn't for real burglars.
I mean, they buy their shit wholesale from different people and they rob real museums.
This is a way for America or, yeah, well, for the tourist to feel the joy.
I want to be a burglar and our museum boasts, like, you steal what you want, you know?
And then they go, like, oh, shit, they buy, like, these spandex outfits.
They walk out of their broke and then they rob you for, like, a key chain.
It's the carnival principle.
It seems like a bad business model.
All right, I'll keep making fucking Thomas the Tank Engine spoofs.
I don't know what's going to get me rich faster.
All right, well...
Make friends with PewDiePie, maybe.
PewDiePie?
We got to end the show.
Yeah, yeah, okay, all right.
What you got, Dan?
A song about PewDiePie.
Here's the camera in a high-pitched manner, everybody.
Okay.
Day turns into week.
Cheat, cheat, chute, chute.
Put your body in the bucket.
Put your body down the chute.
Days.
Oh, shit, this is the...
Okay, the bridge.
Okay.
All right, start it over.
All right.
Wipe your head.
These are the song lyrics to my song.
Doop, doop, doop, doop, doop, doop, doop, doop, doop, doop.
A song has lyrics.
They go like this.
Chip, chip, chop, chop.
Chip, chip, chip, chip, chip.
Chip, chip, chip, chip.
Everybody wants a song to be better than it is.
But you never know which one you'll get.
Everybody needs a song to be good.
But you might as well go eat a brick or a piece of wood.
Everybody needs music to be good.
But if you're listening, who's making music good?
Take those earbuds out.
Grab a microphone because the people making music are untalented and alone.
Chip, chip, chip, chip, chip.
Thank you for coming to Harvard Town, everybody.
That's there for John.
I...
I just didn't have to...
Chip, chip, chip, chip, chip.
Savannah.
Chipa-chop, chip, chip, chip.
Luke for bringing me poorly special,
I'm Jeff Davis.
Chop. Chop. Chop.
You're Mayor of Den Orenman.
Chop chop, chop. Chop chop.
Women get tested, women get tested,
Check yourself and get tested for at rest cancer.
This song just became unhatable.
Number one killer of women.
If you hate this song you hate women.
Men need to check themselves as well
Now this song just doubled, leveled up
Now you hate people if you hate this song
Check your balls, check your movies
Cancer's gonna kill you
If you don't like this song
AIDS
Acquired immune, deficiency, syndrome in the room
my name is Acquired Jones
I don't be here all alone
Gonna infect your whiteblood cells
until they can't tell them themselves
They're gonna attack more cells in turn
Turn your whole body in
Turn your whole body and make it burn health instead of life. Then you're gonna
just to make it burn
Die, it's not funny
The show is over like five minutes a year
Drone strikes
Drone strikes, you're allowed to leave
Don't do a drone strike on Katrina
Katrina's in
I'm only stating this because my iPad is clogged in
Drone strikes Katrina, hi. Check your rest cancer all night. Check your balls too. Catch it numbs for once
Gonna kill you when the fight was done. Ain't I quiet
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show!